
UC-NRLF 




B 3 572 D3b 




THE LIBRARY 

OF 

THE UNIVERSITY 

OF CALIFORNIA 



BEQUEST 

OF 

ANITA D. S. BLAKE 




(Li 



linglo-Cljiitese 



cv 





A^f0222'^v' 



GIFT 



A; 



INTRODUCTION. 



Museums have been built in many of the large towns in 
Western lands so that people by visiting them may be 
able to learn about important matters. For instance, 
in London, there are Museums to which any may 
go who wish to study the history of ancient Empires ; 
many very old and interesting objects brought from distant 
countries are to be seen, so that though the student may 
not leave his native town, it is as if he had travelled 
thousands of miles. In the same way if one wishes to 
study the manners and customs of other countries, the 
arts and manufactures of other lands, he may acquire the 
information he needs by visiting one of these Museums. 

Not only can the arts and manufactures of men be thus 
examined ; a visit to a Museum will also enlarge the mind 
by enabling the visitor to see some of the countless forms 
of animal or vegetable life, or the numerous varieties of 
minerals of which this Earth is composed. By studying 
these great ^^•orks of Creation, we can understand a little 
better the Creator of them all. Who is more wonderful 
than all His works. 

In this Museum, an attempt has been made to provide, 
on a small scale, some of these advantages and means 
of information to those who live in Tientsin and the 
neighbourhood. 

718 



II TIENTSIN ANGLO-CHINESE MUSEUM. 

If sonic of the objects arc not easily understood at a 
glance, this small book will help the visitor to profit by his 
visit to the Tientsin Anglo-Chinese Museum; and if the 
book does not supply sufficient explanation, those who 
have instituted the Museum will be glad to give fuller in- 
formation. 

In Western lands, a I.ibiary is often connected with a 
Museum. In connection with this Museum there is a 
Library of English and Chinese books; the attendants v;ill 
supply the visitors with the rules of admission to the 
Library. 



(Tacntsin |.itg[a-CIjincsc liluscum. 



On the right of the door by which the visitor enters 
is a photograph, namely 

No. I, — The Anglo-Chinese College and the 
Buildings of which the Museum form a part. This College 
was built in memory of Mr. J. Walford Hart. 

No. 2. — Portrait of Mr. J. Walford Hart who 
came out to China in 1892 to help the Chinese and 
teach them the most important of all truths. He died 
in 1894 from the effects of the climate. The Tientsin 
Anglo-Chinese College was built somewhat after the 
model of St. John's College, Cambridge. 

No. 3. — St, John's College, Cambridge, founded 
400 years ago by Lady Margaret, Mother of King 
Henry VII. Cambridge is an important University town 
in England. 

(rt). The principal gateway, which is the model of 
the gateway of the Anglo-Chinese College. 

{l&gt;). A part of the buildings and gardens of the 
College, and 

{c). A beautiful covered bridge built of stone, over 
the river Cam ; this is often compared to a famous 
covered bridge in Venice, called the Bridge of Sighs. 
Close to this are photographs of 



2 TIENTSIN ANGLO CHINESE MUSEUM. 

No. 4. — Cambridge Buildings. 

{d). King's College founded in A.D. 1441 by King 
Henry VI. ' The large building in the centre is the 
Chapel, one of the finest buildings of the kind in Europe. 
The building on the right is the I*2xaniination Mall, and 
next to it is the University Library which contains more 
than a million volumes. 

(/;). Queen's College founded by Margaret, the 
wife of King Henry VI ; and the Bridge over the Cam 
said to have been designed by Sir Isaac Newton. 

(c). The Fitz William Museum containing beautiful 
paintings, statues, &amp;c., founded by a former student of the 
University. 

In this corner of the Museum is a model of a Dynamo 
Electric Machine. 

In principle this machine is similar to the powerful 
machines used for producing Electricity on a large scale. 
With this machine the power of the human body can be 
changed into electric power which will produce the Electric 
Light, or decompose water into the two gases whicli form 
it, namely Oxygen and Hydrogen. Both these experi- 
ments, and others, arc performed from time to time so that 
visitors may see some of the applications of I&lt;&gt;lcctricity. 

Another instrument is shown which is used to prove 
that when we look at an object, the sensation remains in 
our eye even after the object is no more to be seen ; thus 
a blue object is looked at, and directly afterwards a yellow 
object ; the sensations are mingled by the eye, and we 
fancy that it is one green object that we arc looking at ; 
many other combinations of colour can be made. 

This explains the principle of The Cinematograph 
which is one of Ihe objects of the Museum and by means of 



TIENTSIN ANGLO-CIIINF.SE MUSEUM. 3 

which interesting scenes will be shown to visitors at 
stated times. 

Another experiment can be shown, by which it is proved 
that sounds are produced when a body is " made to 
vibrate, and that the quicker the vibrations, the higher 
is the sound. 

P^rom this follows the principle of The Gramophone 
which will be used at intervals, and by means of which all 
kinds of sounds are reproduced, such as musical instru- 
ments, bands, singing, speaking, the cries of animals, 
bells, &amp;c., 

On the left of the window facing P^ast is a picture, 
namely 

No. 5. — Cantebbury Cathedral (interior and ex- 
terior) The first preachers of Christianity in England settled 
at Canterbury ; on the site of the first Christian Church 
this magnificent building was built in A. D. 11 70. It is 
614 feet long, and the Tower is 235 feet high. 

No. 6. — The Coronation Procession, showing King 
Edward VII and the High Officials entering Westminster 

Abbey (see No. 10). 

No. 7. — Views op Windsor Castle. 

This is the principal residence of the English Sovereigns. 
The Castle was begun by William the Conqueror 830 
years ago, and enlarged by King Edward III 550 years 
ago. Near to Windsor is P^ton College, a famous College 
for boys. 

No. 8.— 

(a). Memorial to Prince Albert in Hyde Park, 
London. Prince Albert was married to Queen Victoria in 
1840, and died in 1861. He took an active part in many 



4 TIENTSIN ANGLO-CHINESE MUSEUM. 

noble undertakings for the good of the people and was 
deeply n-.ourncd. Of him a great Poet wrote : 

" A Prince indeed 

Beyond all titles, and a household name. 

Hereafter through all times, Albert the Good." 

{/f). The British Museum. This is the finest Public 
Museum in the world, containing a Library of many 
thousands of books, a large collection of Natural History 
specimens, and v^ery many interesting objects brought 
from all j^arts of the World. 

(r). A BUSY London Street called " Cheapside " 
from an old Saxon word ' chcpe,' meaning * market.' 

In the Case A which is opposite the Entrance door there 
are to be seen 

(i). A MODEL OF THE GitEAT Wheel in London. 
Thirty-two cars, in each of which several people may sit, 
are hung around the immense wheel, so that those occupy- 
ing the cars are gradually lifted to a great height from 
which nearly ev^ery part of the great city of London can 
be seen. 

(2). A MODEL OF St. Paul's Cathedral, also shown 
in Picture No. 9. The Cathedral was built in 1675 after 
the Great Fire of London. The height of the top of the 
Cross above the dome is 365 (ect. 

It was here that Queen Victoria, when she had reigned 
60 years, publicly gave thanks to God for His great good- 
ness to her, and to her people. Her son Edward VII 
also gave thanks here for recovery from a .severe illness 
on the eve of his coronation. The King wrote with his 
own hand the words of his thanksgiving ; they were these : 
" When I was in trouble I called upon the Lord and He 
helped me." 



TIENTSIN ANGLO-CHINESE MUSEUM. 5 

(3), A model of Nagoya Casti.e, one of the wonders 
of Japan. The Dolphins on the roof of the Castle are of 
gold and are valued at ^180,000. Many beautiful wall- 
paintings were formerly inside this palace. 

(4). The State Carriage of H.M. The Empeuor 
OP Japan. Under the old regime the Emperor, on state 
occasions, rode in a carriage of which this is the model, 
drawn by an ox with beautiful trappings, and accompanied 
by the Officials who are seen surrounding the carriage. 

No. 9. — 

{a). Westminster Abbey was begun by King 
Henry III in 1220. For hundreds of years the Sovereigns 
of England have been crowned in this place with solemn 
prayers to God for His blessing and protection. 

{d). Front view of St. Paul's Cathedral. 

No. ID. — The Coronation Service in Westminster 
Abbey. The King is seen on his throne, and the Queen 
at his side. The Bishops and Officials are near to the 
King, and the galleries are full of the Peers, Peeresses, and 
other visitors. 

No. II. — 

((?). Houses of Parliament, Westminster. 

The " Lords " and " Commons " meet in this 
building to discuss the affairs, and form the laws of the 
Kingdom. The building was erected in 1834 after the 
old building had been destroyed by fire. It is 900 feet 
long and 300 feet wide. The " Victoria Tower " is about 
350 feet high. The Clock (to the right of the picture) 
has four faces, each nearly 30 feet in diameter ; the hours 
are struck on a bell weighing 20,000 pounds. 

{d). The Nelson Column in Trafalgar Square 



6 TIENTSIN ANGLO-CHINESE MUSEUM. 

erected in honour of Viscount Horatio Nelson, a British 
Admiral who died at Cape Trafalgar on the coast of Spain 
in 1805, when he fought and defeated the combined 
fleets of France and Spain. His signal to his men just 
before the fight is well known ; it was, " England 
expects every man to do his duty." 

(c). Westminster Hall which forms the entrance 
to the Houses of Parliament was built in the latter part of 
the 14th century. It is 270 feet long, 74 feet wide, and 
90 feet high. It is decorated with statues of great 
ICnglishmen. 

No. 12. — The Houses of Paeltamekt and the River 

Thames. 

No. 13.— 

(a). The Tower Bridge showing carriages and 
passengers passing over it. 

{//). The lower roadway opened up to allow ships 
to pass ; when thus opened, passengers are conveyed 
to the higher roadway by an hydraulic lift. 

(r). The Tower. A famous historical fortress part 
of which was built in the time of William the Conqueror, 
825 years ago. The Tower is often mentioned in English 
History. l-'or instance King Henry VI died in the 
Tower, and it is believed that Richard III murdered his 
t\\ o young nephews there. 

Case B. 

A model of the Tower Bridge showing the bridge 
opened to allow a ship to pass. The span of the bridge 
is 200: feet, and the side spans arc each 250 feet long. 
The upper roadway is 135 feet from the river. 



tientsin anglo-chinese museum. 7 

Case C. 

A Model of Buckingham Palace, which is the 
Palace that the Sovereign occupies when in London. 
This model can be illuminated with electric light. 

No. 14. — The Trianon Farm at Versailles. Queen 
Marie Antoinette, the wife of King Touis XVI of Prance, 
often liked to retire from the grandeurs of the Court life 
to the simple life which she enjoyed living in this farm- 
house only a mile away from the great palace of Versailles. 
(See No. 28). 

No. 15.— Church of St. Stephen on the Mount in 
Paris. There is some beautiful stone carving in this old 
Church, a stone staircase is seen in this picture. The 
Church contains the tomb of Genevieve, a heroine who 
saved Paris from the barbarians 1400 years ago. 

Close to this picture is a collection of 12 specimens o? 
AVOOD showing the bark, the varnished, and the unvar- 
nished surface, also a picture of the tree from which the 
wood comes. 

The trees are the willow, the birch, the white poplar, 
the lime, the walnut, the maple, the beech, the oak, the 
larch, the pine, the fir, and the white fir. 

No. 16. — Portrait of H. M. Queen Victoria. 

No. 17.— Portrait of H. M. King Edward VII. 

No. 1 8 — The Pyramids op Egypt. 

These huge monuments were built as tombs for the 
Kings of Egypt. The Great Pyramid was built 5,000 
years ago. It is 480 feet high ; the room inside the 
Pyramid where the body of the King was placed is 



8 TIENTSIN ANGLO-CHINESE MUSEUM. 

reached by a passage 320 feet long. There are several 
other Pyraniids at Gizeh on the River Nile. 

No. 19. — The Colosseum at Rome. 

The Romans used to meet in this large building to see 
the games of which they were very fond. At these 
" games," men and beasts were made to fight one another, 
and many Christians were thrown to the wild beasts to be 
killed while the Romans enjoyed seeing them die. The 
Colosseum was 612 feet long, 160 feet high, and could 
seat 87000 spectators. 

No. 20. — 

{(i). Court in Coepus CinasTi Coli.egf, C.\m- 

UIUDGE. 

This College was founded in 135 i ; in the Court are seen 
the rooms in which the students live. 

(d). Gateway of Trinity College founded by 
King Henry VIII in 1546. 

{c). Tower in Magdalen College, Oxford, and 
students* rooms. 

No. 21. — 

(a). A ijbotsford, the residence of Sir Walter Scott. 
This house is near to Melrose Abbey and is on the 
south bank of the River Tweed. 

{l&gt;). Portrait of Sir Walter Scoit the famous 
Scotch author, born in 1771 ; he wrote poems and 
historical novels, many of which are in the Library. 

(c). Melrose Arjjey. This old church was first built 
in 1136 ; but in 1545 it was left a ruin after wars between 
the Scots and the English. 



TIENTSIN ANGLO-CHINESE MUSEUM. ^i 

No. 22. 

(&lt;?). Bridge over the River Cam, belonging to 
Clare College, Cambridge. 

{b). View on the River Cam, showing the Tower 
of St. John's College Chapel. 

(&lt;;-). Bridge of St. John's College, Cambridge. 

No. 23. — 

{a). Edinburgh the metropolis of Scotland. The 
picture shows one of the principal streets, and the Castle 
standing on a rock 400 feet high. The Monument is in 
memory of Sir Walter Scott. 

{b). Forth Beidge. This the finest bridge in the world. 
It is built across the mouth of the River Forth, in Scot- 
land, and is more than a mile and a half long. There are 
two spans of 1700 feet each ; there is no other span in any 
part of the world which is so long as this. The bridge 
is 152 feet above the water, and cost ,$20,000,000. 

Underneath these pictures, and around the wall is an 
Hereaeium showing 1 50 specimens of plants of all kinds ; 
namely Vegetables, Grains Peas and Tares, Technical 
plants used in Manufactures, Dye-plants, Spinning-plants, 
Medicinal and Poisonous Plants, Herbs, and lastly 
Clovers and Vetches. The name of each plant is given. 

Case D. 

On the North side of the Museum is a Case containing 
models of 50 animals, not a few of which are not seen in 
China, as the elephant, the giraffe, the rhinoceros, the 
rein-deer, &amp;c. The dog and the wolf can be seen together 
and compared ; also the cat, the tiger and the panther ; the 
pig and the wild boar. The whale and dolphin are also 



lO 



TIENTSIN ANGLO-CHINESE MUSEUM. 



shown, tliough on a different scale, as well as the kangaroo, 
crocodile, seal, and many others. 

Next to this case is 

Case E. 

containing a Collection of Mammals given by the Trustees 
of the British Museum, in London. There arc to be seen 
a bat ; a wild cat shot in England ; a " klipdas " from the 
Cape of Good Hope, which is the " coney " of the Bible ; a 
species of antelope from West Africa, called " guevel ; " a 
shrew, a mole ; an otter caught in Berkshire, LLngland ; a 
hedgehog ; a squirrel ; a grizzled squirrel from Nicaiagua, 
Central America ; Raffles's squirrel from India, and others. 




Case V. 



TIENTSIN ANGLO CHINESE MUSEUM. I I 

Down the Centre of the room is another long Case, 
(Case F.) which contains numerous specimens of insects, 
fossils, and minerals, also the gift of the Trustees of the 
British Museum. 

In the first part of the case are Beetles, the names of 
which are written at the side. No. lO, for instance, is the 
" ]3ombardier beetle " which bombards its foes from 
behind, and escapes from their grasp in consequence. No. 
48 is the " Rhinoceros-beetle " ; No. 53 the West African 
" Goliath-beetle." The Glow-worms, Leaf-beetles, Long- 
horns, and many others can be seen. Then follow Cock- 
roaches, Locusts, Ants, Wasps, Bees, and Dragon-flies. 

In the next compartments are Butterflies of all kinds 
and from every quarter of the globe. Notice the Birds'- 
wing butterflies. Swallow-tails, " Apollos," and " Satyrs ; " 
the Owl butterfly, and No. 411, the gorgeous "Blue 
Emperor." White, yellow, brimstone, blue, and copper- 
coloured butterflies abound. 

Then come the Moths, from the Death's-head moth. 
Hawk-moths, Elephant-hawk moths. Tiger-moths, to the 
Gipsy-moth, Silk-producing moths, the Emperor-moth, 
" Kentish-glory," and many others. ^ 

The silk-worm and its many transformations are seen in 
the next case, and an interesting collection of Bees and 
their products. 

Near to this Case is a Collection of various Insects 
from different parts of the Province of Chih-li. 

The fossils which are in the next part of the case have 
their names attached. Notice the specimens of plant 
fossils, a fossil crab, the fossils from Chalk, Oolite, Red 
Crag strata, and others. 

Lastly come 150 specimens of minerals such as Iron 
and Copper ores, Calcite from Iceland, Gypsum, Quartz, 



12 



TIENTSIN ANGLO CHINESE MUSEUM. 



Mica, Garnet, Stibnite from Japan, Agate, Gold in Quartz 
veins from the Malay Peninsula, and many others. 




On the top ol this long case is a small railway along 
which runs an I'Jcctric car, the small motor which drives 
the car being similar in [)rinciple to that of the powerful 
motors which arc used for locomotion. 

Case G. 

This case contains models showing the construction of 
the Eye, Eak, and Tiiuoat. 

A powerful Electric Inductional JSrAciiiXE, and a 
battery of Leyden Jars which are in this case will be 



TIENTSIN ANGLO-CHINESE MUSEUM. 13 

shown from time to time, and many interesting experi- 
ments including same with the " X-Rays " will be per- 
formed. 

Case H. 

This contains the Apparatus for X-rays, also a powerful 
Induction Coil, and an Apparatus for showing discharges 
of Electricity at high tension. At stated times experi- 
ments of this kind will be shown and explained. There 
is also a model showing how the Earth and the Moon 
move relatively to the Sun. The causes of Day and 
Night, Winter and Summer, Eclipses of the Sun and 
Moon, &amp;c, can be easily explained by the use of this 
Model. 

A Telegraphic Apparatus has been set up between 
the two ends of the room, so that visitors may see how 
messages are sent by Telegraph. The Needle-instrument, 
and Morse's Printing Telegraph are both shown. 

Case I. 

In this Case are various interesting instruments used in 
the study of Light, such as the Microscope, the Camera 
Lucida, the Polariscope, the Spectroscope, the Symmetro- 
scope and others, which will be exhibited. 

Around the walls of the Museum are other pictures, 
namely 

No. 24. — 

(a). Snowdon, the chief mountain of Wales. 

{/?). Waterfall at Bettws-y-Coed, a very pretty 
spot near to Snowdon. 

(c). The top of Snowdon to which many people go 
to see the beautiful view of the country all around. 

No. 25. — 

{a). Ancient Church standing on a hill or "tor " on 



14 TIENTSIN ANGLO CHINESE MUSEUM. 

Dartmooh in Devonshire. The tower is seen for a con- 
siderable distance at sea, and formerly served as a guide 
for sailors. 

{/)). Steep, narrow street at Clovellv, a fishing village 
on the l^ristol Channel. 

(&lt;:). Clovelly iiaubour. 

No. 26.— 

{a). Conway Castle. A Castle in Wales, built by 
Edward I in 1283 ; a fine suspension bridge has been built 
for the railway which crosses the river. 

(//. Caernarvon Castle in North Wales, built by 
Edward I, whose son was born in the Castle in 1284, and 
was called " Prince of Wales." Since then the eldest son 
of the Sovereign of England has always been called by 
this title. 

No. 27. — Chester, an old town built on the borders of 
Wales. The houses are still very old-fashioned and 
have high gables, and a road-way is constructed for foot- 
passengers over the rooms on the ground floor, so that people 
may go down the whole length of the street under cover. 

No. 28.— 

{a\ ricTURE Gallery at Versailles, in the Palace 
built by Louis XIV. The pictures are of battles fought 
by the French. 

{d). Chapel of Louis IX, in Paris, built in the year 
1248 to receive the " relics " which he brought from the 
Holy I^md. 

{c). I-iOUVRE Museum, in Paris. This is a beautiful 
museum containing pictures, statues, and many objects of 
great interest. In the cases seen in this room arc some of 
the Crowns and Jewels of the French Kings. 



TIENTSIN ANGLOCmNESE MUSEUM. 1 5 

No. 29 — 

(a). TuK Wengern A lp, a beautiful district in Switzer- 
land. 

{l&gt;). The Staubbach A^^ATEEFALL. The water falls 
down a height of goo feet, and breaks into spray before it 
reaches the ground. 

(c). Lauterbrunnen ; through the valley a torrent 
of water rushes down from the melting snow on the 
mountains. 

No. 30. — 

(a). Cpiillon, on the Lake of Geneva, Switzerland. 
This is an old Castle and Prison wliere many political 
prisoners have been kept in chains ; amongst others 
Bonivard who was shut up for 6 years because he 
wanted to reform his country. 

(/;). Lake of Geneva showing tlie snow-covered 
mountains. 

(r). Boats on the Lake ; the mountain at the end of 
the Lake is called the " Southern Tooth." 

No. 31.— 

{cr). The " Champs-ElysI^es," one of the finest roads 
in Paris. At the top of this road is 

{/&gt;]. The Triumphal Arcpi, built to celebrate the 
triumphs of Napoleon, the Emperor of the I'rench. The 
Arch is 152 feet high. 

No. 32. — 

{a). Church of St. Ouen at Rouen, the old Capital 
of Normandy, in France. This very beautiful church 
was begun in 1318. 



l6 TIENTSIN ANGLO-CHINESE MUSEUM. 

(/;). TiiK Law Courts at Rouen, built 500 years ago. 
The old Parliament of Normandy used to meet in this 
building. 

On the other sides of this part of the Museum arc 
other pictures, namely 

No. 33.— 

{a), Festixiog " TOY " RAILWAY in North Wales, 
showing a train laden with slate obtained from vast 
quarries in the neighbourhood. 

(d). Menai Suspension Bridge, 560 feet long which 
crosses the Strait separating tlic Isle of Anglesey from 
the mainland, 

(c). Beddgelert, or the " grave of Gelert," A story 
is told of a faithful dog left by its master in cliarge of his 
infant son ; upon the master's return the dog ran to meet 
him with its huge jaws dripping blood, and the man believ- 
ing that it had savagely killed his child, instantly struck 
it dead. Hastening to his cottage he found his little son 
safe and unhurt, and a dead wolf lying by its side ; his 
dog had saved the child by killing the wolf! In his 
remorse the grateful father buried the dog and caused its 
name " Gelert " to be tluis Iionourod, 

No. 34-— 

{a). Dover showing the castle on a cliff 320 feet 
above the sea. It was built in Saxon times and greatly 
strengthened by the Normans, Steamers run daily from 
Dover to the coast of France. 

(/;), St, Michael's Mount, a granite rock in Mount's 
Bay, Cornwall, 250 feet high, with a castle on the summit, 
founded in the 5th Century, 



TIENTSIN ANGLO-CHINESE MUSEUM. 1 7 

{c). IvANd's End Granite Cliffs at the western 
extremity of England. Not only is granite plentiful in 
Cornwall but the County is so rich in Minerals that more 
than 90,000 tons of ore are raised annually, and in no 
other part of the world is mining carried to such perfection. 
The Copper and Tin mines are very valuable, and were 
worked in very early times by the Phoenicians. 

No. 35. — Views in Scotland showing 

(a). Loch Awe. 

(/;). Scotch Highland Scenery. 

(c). Sunset oyer the Hills. 

The other pictures in this part of the museum show 

some well known places in Switzerland, and help those 

who have never seen snow mountains to understand some 
of the beauties of a land like Switzerland. 

No. 36. — Two views of the grand mountains of the 
" Bernese Oberland," namely the Jungfrau, the Moxcn 
and the Eiger. 

No. 37. — View of Interlaken showing the Jungfrau 
in the distance, and the valley of Grindelwald which is 
a great resort for mountain-climbers. 

No. 38. — The Matterhorn, one of the finest mount- 
ains in Switzerland, and one of the hardest to climb. 

No. 39. — The Wengen Mountain Eailway. There 
are several mountain railways in Switzerland which climb 
the sides of steep mountains ; the engines used are of a 
special kind, and climb by means of a wheel with teeth, 
which works along a specially prepared rail, so that the 
engine cannot fall back the steep slope but is made to 
climb upwards. 



1 8 TIENTSIN ANGLOCIIINESE MUSEUM. 

No. 40. — The Axenstra.sse, a road cut out of the rock 
along the sides of the T^'ike of Lucerne. 

No. 41. — 

(a). Chamounix, a village at the foot of Mont Blanc, 
the highest mountain in Switzerland, over 15,700 feet high. 

(/;). Mountaini:ers climbing over rocks and ice. 

(c). The " Mauvais Pas " a rather difficult path near 
to the Ice-sea, or Mer de Glace, in the neighbourhood of 
Chamounix. 

No. 42. — 

(a). The Top of INIont Blanc. 

(/;). Climbing a steep Snow " sepac." 

(c). A INIouNTAiN Top. 

No. 43.— 

(a). Bern, the Capital of Switzerland, with the snow 
mountains in the distance. 

(^). The Bears in their pit at Bern. The town derives 
its name from the bears which years ago were found in 
the neighbourhood. Images of bears are to be seen 
everywhere in Bern. 



As the \'isitor passes under the arch that separates the 
two parts of the Museum, he will notice a Telescope 
througli which distant objects can be looked at in the day 
time, and which will be used occasionally at night to 
observe the heavenly bodies. It can magnify objects so 
that the surface appears to be 40,000 times greater than it 
does to the naked eye. 




7r&lt;TP"R&gt;«0K 0^ THE JvluSiuH 



TIENTSIN ANGLO CFIINESE MUSEUM. 



19 




Near this it a Kevolving Case on the top of which Is 
a Cat showing the skeleton on one side and the natural 
appearance on the other. A Pigeon is also mounted in 
the same way. 

In the four compartments of this Case are seen : 
(I). Specimens of iron oke; needles, pens, and 
PINS in various stages of manufacture, and specimens of 

FLINT and QUARTZ. 

(II). Cotton manufacture in all its stages, from the 
cotton PLANT and the thread, to cloth of all descriptions. 



20 TIENTSIN ANGLO CHINESE MUSEUM. 

Also all the principal materials used in Dyeing ; chemical 
dyes, vegetable dyes, and specimens of the colours 
produced. 

(III). CoaIj from England, and from the IJnsi Collieries, 
T'angshan, showing marks of plants; a good specimen of 
" Calarnites " is also seen — In this part of the case are 
specimens of graphite, peat, amber, wax, and paraf- 
fin, and illustrations of the manufacture of pencils and 
SOAP. 

(IV). ]\Ianufacture of Paper from the pulp, to 
paper used for all kinds of purposes ; the numbers attached 
will enable the visitor to recognize every kind. Also the 
Manufacture of Glass is shown, the chemicals used 
in the making of glass, and all varieties of glass, and glass 
objects can be seen. 

On the right side of the arch is 

Case J. 

which contains a model of a Catamarang which is the 
name given to the boats used by the inhabitants of Ceylon, 
The boats are taken out in lough seas and are very safe 
because of the " outrigger " which floats on the water and 
prevents the narrow boat from upsetting. 

In the same case are specimens of various kinds of 
Coral, which is the secretion of a jelly-like creature. 
When the animal dies, the soft part decays, and the hard 
outer part remains and is united to millions of similar 
" skeletons." " Reefs," or walls of Coral are found 
in the South Pacific Ocean, the largest being i lOO miles 
long. Coral formations, rising as islands above the sea, 
become fertilized by vegetable matter washed ashore by 
the sea; seeds arc dropped by birds, and in time these 
coral blocks are covered with a rich soil in which grow 



TIENTSIN ANGIO-CniNESE MUSEUM. 21 

trees and grass, and become islands fit for the habitation of 
man. 

Arranged around these pieces of coral are Shells 
from all parts of the world. The names of the shells are 
given at the side, and the places from which they come. 

Close by is a small Case (K) in which are shown views 
of Asa MA Yam A the largest acti\'e volcano of Japan. It is 
8800 feet high. Smoke can be seen coming from the 
crater. The last great eruption occlirred in 1783, but 
quantities of smoke and ashes are continually pouring 
out of the crater. The other photographs show the 
great Lava-beds of Asama-yama. These arc composed 
of huge pieces of rock and ashes which have been 
thrown out of the crater in volcanic eruptions, and have 
rolled down the side of the mountain. 

Specimens taken from these lava beds are also shown in 
this case. 

Case L. 

On the other side of the window is a large case 
containing numerous stuffed birds, the names of which 
can be seen at the side. These birds are the gift of the 
Trustees of the British Museum. 

A portrait which is close by this case attracts attention. 

No. 44. — Pouteait of James Chalmers, who in 1867 
went to the South Sea Islands to teach the people, and 
tell them the Good News which is in the Christians' Bible. 
He went to New Guinea, which was inhabited by tribes 
of fierce savages who fight one ano^ier and devour the 
bodies of those they kill. Some of the clubs and weapons 
which these people use are shown just over the portrait 
of Chalmers, and underneath is the dress which the 
inhabitants of New Guinea wear. 



2 2 TIRXTSIN ANfiLO CHINESE MUSEUM. 

Chalmers worked in these Islands for many years, till at 
last he was able to teach some of the people, and train 
them to go and teach their fellow-countrymen. 

No. 45 and No. 46. — These pictures show a "Col- 
lege" IN NEW Guinea, at Vatorata ; and Tin-: dwel- 
LINOS FOR THE STUDENTS, somc of wliom can be seen 
standing outside their hcmses. 

In this College, which was built in 1S94, there are 
20 men speaking six different languages. I'lvery Friday 
morning these men unite in prayer to the True God for 
Christians in other parts of the world, and on the second 
Friday of each month they pray that God will bless 
China and the Chinese. 

This enables us to understand what Christianity can do 
even for people who arc quite savage. Not many years ago 
some of the people of New Guinea captured a ship with 
360 Chinese passengers ; they kept them in pens like cattle, 
and killed and ate three or four each day until only 4 
remained. Now they pray for China and the Chinese ! 

Some parts of the island are still savage. In 1901 
James Chalmers, and his friend Oliver 'J'omkins, set 
out in a boat to take the Good News to some people at a 
distance who did not know them. When Chalmers and 
Tomkins landed they were seized by these cannibals ; then 
killed and eaten at a feast. 

In a letter written on March 15th 1899, Chalmers wrote 
from the Fly River, New Guinea, " Some day I hope to 
see Tientsin and meet you all. There is a lift in the cloud 
with us at [)resent ; several have been baptized and all 
attend services. VVe have over 80 in our school for 
ICnglish. God bless you all in )-our great work for 
Christ." 

All this shows how much has been clone to mak-e this 



TIENTSIN ANGLO-CHINESE MUSEUM. 2$ 

world better and happier by those who have left their 
homes in Western lands to take the Gospel to other lands. 
But still more can be done by the inhabitants of the count- 
ries to which these Missionaries go. 

In this part of the Museum are several pictures showing 
those in many countries who are telling the Good News to 
their fellow countrymen, and taking it ev^en to distant lands. 

No. 47. — For instance, the men shown in this picture, 
and their wives, are inhabitants of Rarotonga, one of the 
South Sea Islands. When they heard of New Guinea, and 
of the savages that live on that island, they offered to go and 
teach these Cannibals, and tell them about God, and Jesus 
Christ the Saviour of the world. 

On this side of the Museum are pictures of the South 
Sea Islanders. 

Many of the South Sea Islands are volcanic, and some 
are very lovely Coral islands. Less than lOO years ago the 
inhabitants were all savages, but now wherever the Gospel 
has been preached civilization has followed. Before the 
arrival of the English Missionaries a great traveller wrote 
about these people : " I willingly leave to others the task 
of writing a history of such barbarous people," yet now 
the inhabitants have been educated, literature in their own 
language has been provided for them, and almost in every 
island there are Schools and Colleges. 

No. 48. — Lecture Hall of the Rarotonga In- 
stitution. This Institution was founded in 1839. 
About 500 teachers have been trained here, and of these 
many have gone to New Guinea and other distant places. 
In 1828 the people of the island were wild savages living 
in miserable huts, not one could read, and there was no 
book in their language. Twenty-nine years later the 
people were well dressed ; everyone could read ; most of 



24 TIENTSIN AXGLO-CIIINESE MUSEUM. 

the people could write and do Arithmetic ; whilst many 
knew a little Geography, Astronomy, and History. This 
change was due to tlie preaching of the Gospel to these 
savage people, and the translation of the Bible into their 
language. 

No. 49. — These are the Secretarie-s of Christian 
Endeavour Societies in Lifu. The Gospel was taken 
to this island in 1859, now the island is all Christian. 
These men are "endeavouring" to lead their friends to 
join them in following and serving Jesus Christ. 

No. 50. — We see here a gathering in a neighbour- 
ing ISLAND, Uvea, at which six Christian teachers are 
saying farewell to their friends before leaving their home 
to go to the savages of New Guinea. These " Volunteers " 
can be distinguished as they are dressed in white. 

No. 51. — Students on the island of lifu. 

No. 52. — Teachers and Pastors on this Island. 

No. 53. — Students in the Malua Institution, 
Samoa, and the Jubilee Hall they helped to build. The 
Hall was built in 1894 for Christian assemblies, 50 years 
after the founding of the important College on the island 
of Samoa, called the Malua Institution. Students in this 
College receive a four years course of instruction, and 
then go out to teach in schools, to preach the Gospel, and 
to occupy various positions of usefulness. 

No. 54. — The College for training Teachers and 
Preachers of the Gospel at Amoy. The Principal, 
Rev. J. Macgowan, can be seen standing near to the build- 
ing. 

No. 55. — Group of students, Amoy. 

No. 56. — Group of Pastors, Amov. 



TIENTSIN ANGI.O-CIIINESE MUSEUM. 25 

There are several other Colleges in China where students 
are trained to preach the same Gospel which has brought 
so much blessing to the South Seas, and which can do the 
same for China. 

Madagascar. 

" The great African island " as Madagascar is sometimes 
called, lies off the South East coast of Africa. Missionary 
work began there in 1818. In 1837 many Christians were 
put to death by order of their Queen. The first martyr 
was a woman. She was cruelly tortured and at last led 
out to execution ; on her way she sang hymns and spoke 
of the joy she had in her heart ; then kneeling calmly on 
the ground she prayed to God and was at once speared to 
death. A friend who saw her die said " If I might but 
die as happily, I also would be willing to die for Jesus 
Christ!" After this many hundreds of Christian men 
and women were cruelly killed, or imprisoned, or sold 
into slavery ; yet Christianity could not be crushed out in 
Madagascar, for the persecutors of the Christians fought 
AGAINST God. 

No. 57. — London Mission Training College at 
Antananarivo, the Capital of Madagascar, opened June 1881 
and now used by the French Government as Law Courts. 

No. 58. — New Training College, opened January 
1899. 

No. 59.— Group of Students. 

No. 60. — Group of Graduates; many of these are 
preachers. 



No. 61. — Among these pictures are three others, the 
first of which represents The King of England at the 



26 TIENTSIN ANGLO-CHINESE MUSEUM. 

Coronation Service. A copy of the Holy Bible is 
handed to him, and these words are spoken : " Receive 
this Book, the most valuable thing the world possesses." 

King Edward VII is surrounded by Officers of state, 
and is promising in the presence of thousands of his subjects 
to rule the kingdom in the fear of God, and in accordance 
with the teaching of the Bible. 

No. 62. — The Secret of England's Greatness. 
Queen Victoria of England presenting a Bible to 
AN African Prince. 

A public holiday was granted to the people of 
Abbeokuta, Africa, on the day when a Bible was 
presented to their Prince by command of the Queen of 
I^ngland. A letter written by command of the Queen 
was publicly read, and there was great joy in the 
City. The Queen's message wishing " true and lasting 
happiness " to the nation, with " peace and prosperity " 
ends thus : " Commerce alone will not make a nation 
great and happy, like England. England has become 
great and happy by the knowledge of the True God and 
Jesus Christ. In order to show how much the Queen 
values God's Word, she sends with this, as a present 
to Prince Sagbua, a copy of this Word in two languages, 
Arabic and P^nglish." 

No. 63. — Dr. Robert JMorrison translating 
the Bible into Chinese ; a portion of this book was 
printed in September 18 10; in 18 19 the book was 
completed. He wrote to a friend "I am at work from 
seven in the morning till nine or ten at night and am 
called to suffer affliction," yet he laboured twenty-seven 
years for China because he knew that the secret of Itng- 
land's greatness was China's deepest need. Dr. Morrison 
died at Canton August 1st, 1834, 



TIENTSIN ANGLO-CHINESE MUSEUIVT. Zf 

Every country needs the Bible ; a hundred years ago 
the Bible was only printed in 40 languages. Now it has 
been printed in more than 400 languages or dialects. The 
greatest Society for distributing Bibles is the British and 
Foreign Bible Society which was founded ico years ago. 
Since then it has printed 180,000,000 copies ; last year 
over five million copies were issued. 

This Society has presented the Anglo-Chinese Museum 
with a collection of Bibles and Testaments in many 
languages. 

These are seen in 

Case M. 

There are several Chinese books in Character, and 
" Romanized " ; Bibles in Mongolian, Thibetan, Japanese, 
and many other Asiatic languages, as well as in the 
languages of numerous countries in Europe, Africa, Ame- 
rica and Australasia. On the other side of the window is 
Case N 

in which are Bibles or Testaments printed for the 
Blind, so. that even they may read this Good News. 
Case O. 

This case contains many objects from distant lands, 
such as New Guinea Ornaments made of shells, and 
worn on the arm ; a Waistbelt made of the bark of a 
tree ; Wrist bands of iron wire which the natives of 
Africa admire very much ; a model of an African Hut ; 
Shell ]\Ioney strung on grass twined into string ; a 
Cannibal's knife, and some objects of worship of 
these poor savages. It is pleasant to turn to some objects 
of a different kind ; for instance, an Indian school boy's 
BOOK, which consists of Palm leaves, on both sides of 
which there is writing ; the English on one side can 



28 TIENTSIN ANGLO-CHINESE MUSEUM. 

easily be read. Neav Guinea books arc also shown, 
namely a Geography from which it will be seen that in 
this Island of savages there are those who are now even 
learning about other countries than their own ; the names 
of Chinese Cities will be recognized as they are written in 
the " Motu " language. Other books are also shown, con- 
taining the Ten Commandments, a Marriage Service, and 
other matters in which these people are being trained. 
Underneath are various specimens of the manufactures of 
the inhabitants of the South Sea Islands, and of Mada- 
gascar, such as cloth of brilliant colours, basket work, 
fans, hats, &amp;c. 

Above Case N are pictures of Students in India. 

No. 64. — Field games and sports at Salem. 

No. 65. — The College at Salem. 

No. 66. — Students of this College, preparing to be 
evangelists to their own countrymen. 

No. 67.— Teachers of the Salem College. 

No. 68. — Mr. Harold Wills, a Cambridge graduate, 
who has opened a " Hostel " for students at Trevandrum, 
South India, with the Students living in the Hostel. 

No. 69. — View of this Hostel which is a Christian 
home for students who may be attending lectures and 
classes in the neighbourhood. 

No. 70. — Some of the Students' rooms. 

No. 71. — Shows another view of this Institution. 

No. 72. — Students at Nagercoil, South India, who 
are preparing to be l^eachers of the Gospel. The second 
from the right in front (marked X) is a Teacher in the 
College. 

No. 73. — The College, of High School, of the 



TIENTSIN ANGLO-CHINESE MUSEUM. 29 

London Missionary Society at Bangalore, in which there 

are 787 students. 

No. 74. — The College at Bangalore where the 
Preachers of the Gospel are trained. 

No. 75. — GROtrp OF Teachers of the Bangalore Col- 
lege, who lecture in five different languages. 

No. 'j6. — Group of Teachers in the High School. 

No. yy. — Group of Students who all wish to be Prea- 
chers of the Gospel. 

Four coloured pictures representing scenes in the land 
of the Jews, or " Holy Land " as it is called. 

No. 78. — Church of the Sepulchre built at Jeru- 
salem on the supposed site of the tomb where the body of 
Jesus Christ was laid. 

No. 79. — Tiberias on the Sea of Galilee, one of the 
places that Jesus Christ must often have visited when 
He was upon earth. 

No. 80. —Mount Sinai where the Law of God was 
given to the Jews through Moses the great leader of that 
people. The Ten Commandments of the Law arc found 
in the 20th Chapter of the Book of Exodus. 

No. 81. — The Mount of Beatitudes where it is 
thought Jesus Christ preached the " Sermon on the 
Mount," which begins with " Blessed are the poor in 
spirit, for theirs is the kingdom of Heaven." These words 
are in the 5th, 6th and 7th Chapters of the Gospel of 
Matthew. 

Case P. 

Model of the Taijernacle. 

Moses was told by God to build a Tent or Tabernacle 



30 TIENTSIN ANGLO-CHINESE MUSEUM. 

for the worship of the True God when the people were 
travelling in the Desert. This consisted of two parts : 

(I). " The IToi&gt;y Place " which was 4^ feet long 
and 15 feet wide, in which were the Altar of Incense, 
the Seven-branched lamp, and the Table of Shew- 

BREAD. 

(II). The Holy op Holies which was divided by a 
curtain from the Holy Place, and contained the Ark 
OF THE Covenant. This was only entered once a year 
by the High Priest. 

Around the Tabernacle was the Court in which were 
the Brazen Altar for sacrifices, and the Layer. All 
these can be seen on the Model. 

Model of Jerusalem as it was in the time of Our 
Lord. From the plan which is at the side, all the chief 
places will be recognized, such as the Temple, the Mount 
of Olives, Gethsemane, Calvary and many others which 
we read of in the Gospels. 

Models of the Temtle. 

Two models of the Temple, one on a small size showing 
some of the buildings near to it, as the Prctorium and 
Tower of Antonia, the other on a larger scale in which 
the chiefs parts are easily seen. The plan is in the next 
case (Case Q.) and can be consulted. 

Models are also shown of the City Walls and Gates, 
with Houses Built on the avalls. Paul the Apostle, 
was once let down in a basket from the window of a 
house built on the city wall. 

Case Q. 

The Plan of the 'J'emi'LE has already been mention- 
ed. 

M(iDEL OF A Greek Pace Course. The Greeks were 
very athletic ; their young men trained willingly for the 



TIENTSIN ANGLO-CIIINESE MUSEUM. 31 

races, giving up luxuries in order to be strong and able to 
run the race set before them. 

The race course was 600 feet long with seats arranged 
around. At each end were wooden pillars .or goals, and 
words were written on these pillars such as Make haste, 
Be Brave. The prize was only a crown of leaves 
which would soon fade ; it was placed on a stand in sight 
of all, and the men ran in sight of thousands of spectators, 
straining every nerve to win the prize. The winner was 
brought to the Judge who gave him his crown, and on his 
return home, he was received as a great hero, a hole being 
made in the wall of the city for him to enter. Those who 
see this Model, and read the New Testament will under- 
stand well the following verses : — 

1 Corinthians IX. 24, 25, 26, 27. 

2 Timothy IV. 8 
2 Timothy J I. 5 

Hebrews XII. i 

Model of Coen ship, similar to the ship on which Paul 
travelled from Myra to Malta and which was wrecked 
there. (Acts XXVII). Cords were used to strengthen the 
hull of the ship (verse 17); these cords are seen in the 
model, also the " bands of the rudders " (verse 40). 

Model of a Modern Jewish Synagogue or meet- 
ing-place. In the "ark" at the end of the building are 
the " Rolls," or Scrolls of the Law. A curtain hangs 
in front of the Ark, The Law is read from the Reading 
Desk raised on a small platform. The women sit behind 
the screen in the Gallery. 

Model of a Roll of the Law. 

The Books which the Jews used were in the form of 
Rolls similar to the model, but of much larger size. They 
were made of skins fastened together, the roll being some- 



32 TIENl'SIN ANGLO-CHINESE MUSEUM. 

times 80 feet long. We read that when Jesus went to the 
Synagogue at Nazareth, He took " the roll of the Prophet 
Isaiah and when He had unrolled it, He found the 
place where it is written : " The Spirit of the Lord is 
upon Me." 

Jewish Phylacteries. 

These small leather cases are fixed by long straps to 
the forehead and left arm. Inside these small cases are 
scrolls on which arc written verses from the books of 
Exodus and Deuteronomy. On the outside of the case 
which is worn on the forehead is a Jewish character 
which stands for one of the names of God. These 
Phylacteries are worn during the time of morning prayer 
by all Jewish men over the age of 1 3 years. 

The " Tallith," or I'ringes worn by the Jews- 
When the Jew worships God, he also wears the white 
cloth called the Tallith. This was always worn over the 
head, but now it is worn over the shoulders. A P''ringe is 
attached to this cloth, according to the commandment 
given in Numbers XV, 38, 39. 

The Mezuzah is a small tin case, inside which is a 
roll on which are written verses from Deuteronomy 
IV, and XI. The Name of God is written on the back, 
and can be seen through a hole made in the tin case. 
This is fixed to the door-post of the house in which a Jew 
lives. 

A Meat Seal, which is fixed to meat killed according 
to Jewish rules, and a Taper called Habdai.lah Tai'EU, 
which is lighted at the conclusion of the Sabbath day, arc 
also seen in this C^lase. 

A Photograph is shown of Ramese.'S II. supposed to be 
the Pharaoh who oppressed the Israelites in the time of 
Moses. This photograph is taken from the Mummy of 



TIENTSIN ANGLO-CIIINESE MUSEUM. 33 

the King recently discovered. A strip of MuiMMY linen 
taken from a mummy lies close to this photograph. 

There is also a Photograph of the " Moabite Stone " 
on which a very old inscription was made more than 2,500 
years ago by a. King of Moab. This inscription confirms 
the truth of the history which is recorded in the Bible. 

Also a photograph of the Rosetta Stone which was 
found a few years ago at Rosetta, near to the mouth of 
the River Nile. On it is an account of a decree in honour 
of Ptolemy V. This account is written in two languages, 
namely Greek, and I^^gyptian. There are two styles of 
Egyptian, the language of the people, and the language 
of the priests. This is written in character called 
"hieroglyphics," and was not understood up to the time 
of the discovery of this stone. By comparing the Greek 
Avith these hieroglyphics, it was possible however to read 
their meaning, and from that time old Egyptian inscrip- 
tions have been deciphered. 

Lachlsh Tablet. This is a plaster cast of a clay 
tablet which was discovered nearly lO years ago. On 
this tablet is written a letter in "cuneiform" characters, 
which is 3500 years old. 

A Babylonian Clay Tablet is also reproduced, 
with the translation at the side. 

All these objects are full of interest to those who wish 
to learn about the times of the Ancients and to know 
something of the literature of these olden times. 

Other objects in this Case are 

A Model of a Peasant's Cottage with its llat 
roof, outer stairway, raised platform for the family and 
place for the cattle. 

Models of Hand-Mill Stones and of a Mill for 
grinding corn, as well as of A Siieei'FOJ&gt;d with yard 



34 TIENTSIN ANGLO-CHINESE MUSEUM. 

walled in, and tlie door through which the true shepherd 
passes (see John X, 2). 

An Alabaster box for ointment similar to the one 
mentioned in Mark XIV, 3 ; A Tear-Bottle into which 
mourners put their tears (see Psalm LVI, 8), and a lamp 
such as the Virgins used at the wedding feast (Matthew 
XXV. 3). Some other objects have been brought from 
the Holy Land such as a AVriter's Ixkhorn for pen 
and ink, a Reed Pen, a strange looking Woodex lock 
AND Key, a Brass Drinking Cup of the same shajx as 
was used in the olden times, a specimen of Black Hair 
Tent cloth, and a Shepherd's Pipe. An interesting 
object is the Ornament of Ten Pieces of Silver which 
was worn by married women in Palestine. Readers of 
the New Testament will remember how the Lord Jesus 
Christ used this ornament as an illustration of the great 
love of God for men. (See Luke XV, 8, 9, 10). 

Some Coins are shown on a card ; notice the Shekel, 
which was worth about one Tacl of Silver ; every 
Jew: paid a half shekel yearly for the support of the 
Temple in Jerusalem (sec Matthew XVH, 24) ; also the 
Roman Penny with a poi trait of the Roman luiipcror. 
This is the coin referred to in our Lord's words recorded 
in ALitthew XXII 15-22. 

Vespasian's Medal is also shown. This represents 
the conquest of Juda:a by the Romans, and the destruct- 
ion of Jerusalem. A small model of a Jewish Table 
AND Couch is shown. This is arranged so as to form 
three sides of a hollow square ; the guests used to recline 
on the couch, leaning on their left elbows, their feet 
stretched out behind them. The Master of the house 
would occupy the middle seat. 

One of the most instructive objects is a model of a 



TIENTSIN ANr.LO-CnrNESE MUSEUM. 35 

Jewish Tomb such as Our Lord was buried in. A large 
stone is rolled in front of the door, which is so low that he 
who would enter must stoop down. The bodies were 
placed on a ledge at the back of the small cave. This 
model serves to illustrate many of the points referred to 
in the story of the Resurrection of Jesus-Christ, (see 
John XX). 

Flowers from the Holy lanp. 

In this Case are Flowers which have been gathered by 
a traveller in Palestine. Students of the great Jewish and 
Christian Classics will recall scenes and incidents which 
occurred in many of these places, 

Abram who was the great ancestor of the Jews lived 
in Hebron at one time, and there God appeared to him 
nearly 4C00 years ago. We read of this in " The Book of 
Beginnings" known as Genesis, the 13th Chapter and 
1 8th verse, and the i8th Chapter and ist verse. 

The Plain of Esdraelon is a great valley in which 
many famous battles have been fought. 

At Samaria Jesus Christ plainly declared Himself to 
be the long promised " Messiah," or Saviour of the 
World, and many hearing His gracious and wonderful 
words believed, and besought Him to stay and teach 
them. Read" John IV 1-42, and especially note verses 
25, 26, 39-42. 

Jesus Christ passed through Jericho on His way to 
Jerusalem where He knew wicked men would put Him to 
death ; on His way He healed a blind beggar who cried 
out to Him, and spoke words to a very rich man which 
led to his becoming a disciple, adding the striking words 
" The Son of man is come to seek and to save that which 
was lost ; " by which Jesus Christ taught us that men 



36 TIENTSIN ANGLO-CHINESE MUSEUM. 

of every nation, rich or poor, high or low, are precious 
in the sight of the God and Father of us all. 

In Gethsemane Jesus Christ spent the night before 
His death, and on Calvary's Hill He was crucified. 
He who could have overwhelmed His enemies with 
destruction in a moment, yet laid down His life for us 
and died, |^the Just one for the wicked, that we might 
be saved. See John X 17, 18, i Peter III 18 and many 
other passages in the New Testament, which explain 
to us why Jesus Christ came from Heaven to dwell among 
men, and ivhy He suffered death upon the Cross. 

An English poet has written these words, 

" There is a green hill far away, 
Without a city wall, 
Where the dear Lord was crucified. 
Who died to save us all. 

We may not know, we cannot tell. 
What pains He had to bear ; 
But we believe it was for us 
He hung and suffered there. 

He died that we might be forgiven, 
He died to make us good, 
That we might go at last to Heaven, 
Saved by His precious blood. 

There was no other good enough 
To pay the price of sin ; 
He only could unlock the gate 
Of Heaven, and let us in." 

A Plough which has been used in the Holy Land is 
exhibited in the Museum. The Yoke, the Goad, and the 



TIENTSIN ANGLO-CHINESE MUSEUM. 37 

rough Plough-share arc just as they used to be in the 
time when Our Lord was upon earth. 

All these models are exhibited in order that the study 
of the Bible may be helped, and that those who see these 
objects may more readily and really grasp the great truths 
contained in this, which is the most important of all books. 



PAMPHLET binder" 

Syracuse, N. Y. 
Stockton, Calif. 



RETURN TO the circulation desk of any 
University of California Library 

or to the 

NORTHERN REGIONAL LIBRARY FACILITY 

BIdg. 400, Richmond Field Station 

University of California 

Richmond, CA 94804-4698 

ALL BOOKS MAY BE RECALLED AFTER 7 DAYS 

• 2-month loans may be renewed by calling 
(510)642-6753 

• 1-year loans may be recharged by bringing 
books to NRLF 

• Renewals and recharges may be made 
4 days prior to due date 

DUE AS STAMPED BELOW 

SENtONfLL 



JAN 2 7 200* 



U. C. BERKELEY 



SENT ON ILL 



SEP 2 8 2006 

U.C. BERKELEY" 



DD20 15M 4-02 



M 



